c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\bin\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.exe.config
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\ProjetoDoenca_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.g.resources
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\bin\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.exe
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\bin\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.pdb
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.exe
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.pdb
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\Cadastrar.baml
c:\users\316143308\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\Cadastrar.g.cs
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\bin\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.exe.config
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.exe
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.pdb
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\bin\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.exe
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\bin\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.pdb
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\Cadastrar.baml
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\Cadastrar.g.cs
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\ProjetoDoenca_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.g.resources
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\italo\OneDrive\Documentos\ProjetoDoenca\ProjetoDoenca\obj\Debug\ProjetoDoenca.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
